com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/fragment/MobiComQuickConversationFragment.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComQuickConversationFragment
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComQuickConversationFragment$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComQuickConversationFragment$10
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComQuickConversationFragment$11
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComQuickConversationFragment$12
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComQuickConversationFragment$13
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComQuickConversationFragment$2
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComQuickConversationFragment$3
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComQuickConversationFragment$4
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComQuickConversationFragment$5
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComQuickConversationFragment$6
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComQuickConversationFragment$7
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComQuickConversationFragment$8
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComQuickConversationFragment$9
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComQuickConversationFragment$DownloadConversation
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComQuickConversationFragment$DownloadConversation$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComQuickConversationFragment$DownloadConversation$2
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComQuickConversationFragment$SyncMessages
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/activity/DividerItemDecoration.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.DividerItemDecoration
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/AlCustomizationSettings.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.AlCustomizationSettings
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/activity/FullScreenImageActivity.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.FullScreenImageActivity
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.FullScreenImageActivity$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.FullScreenImageActivity$2
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/fragment/PictureUploadPopUpFragment.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.PictureUploadPopUpFragment
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.PictureUploadPopUpFragment$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.PictureUploadPopUpFragment$2
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.PictureUploadPopUpFragment$3
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/async/ApplozicChannelLeaveMember.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.async.ApplozicChannelLeaveMember
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.async.ApplozicChannelLeaveMember$ChannelLeaveMemberListener
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/async/AlSyncAccountStatusTask.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.async.AlSyncAccountStatusTask
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.async.AlSyncAccountStatusTask$TaskListener
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/ApplozicApplication.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.ApplozicApplication
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/TouchImageView.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.TouchImageView
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.TouchImageView$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.TouchImageView$CompatScroller
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.TouchImageView$DoubleTapZoom
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.TouchImageView$Fling
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.TouchImageView$GestureListener
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.TouchImageView$OnTouchImageViewListener
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.TouchImageView$PrivateOnTouchListener
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.TouchImageView$ScaleListener
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.TouchImageView$State
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.TouchImageView$ZoomVariables
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/alphanumbericcolor/AlphaNumberColorUtil.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.alphanumbericcolor.AlphaNumberColorUtil
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/AlLinearLayoutManager.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.AlLinearLayoutManager
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/MessageCommunicator.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.MessageCommunicator
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/uikit/ApplozicComponents.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uikit.ApplozicComponents
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/attachmentview/AlBitmapUtils.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.attachmentview.AlBitmapUtils
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/ActivityLifecycleHandler.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.ActivityLifecycleHandler
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/uikit/AlAttachmentOptions.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uikit.AlAttachmentOptions
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uikit.AlAttachmentOptions$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uikit.AlAttachmentOptions$2
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uikit.AlAttachmentOptions$3
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/people/activity/MobiComKitPeopleActivity.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.activity.MobiComKitPeopleActivity
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.activity.MobiComKitPeopleActivity$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.activity.MobiComKitPeopleActivity$ChannelCreateAsyncTask
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.activity.MobiComKitPeopleActivity$ShareAsyncTask
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.activity.MobiComKitPeopleActivity$ViewPagerAdapter
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/adapter/MobicomMultimediaPopupAdapter.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.MobicomMultimediaPopupAdapter
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/uikit/AlConversationItemView.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uikit.AlConversationItemView
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/people/contact/ContactSelectionFragment.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.contact.ContactSelectionFragment
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.contact.ContactSelectionFragment$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.contact.ContactSelectionFragment$2
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.contact.ContactSelectionFragment$3
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.contact.ContactSelectionFragment$4
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.contact.ContactSelectionFragment$5
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.contact.ContactSelectionFragment$ContactViewHolder
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.contact.ContactSelectionFragment$ContactsAdapter
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.contact.ContactSelectionFragment$ContactsAdapter$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.contact.ContactSelectionFragment$ContactsQuery
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.contact.ContactSelectionFragment$EndlessScrollListener
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.contact.ContactSelectionFragment$RefreshContactsScreenBroadcast
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/activity/SpinnerNavItem.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.SpinnerNavItem
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/ConversationUIService.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.ConversationUIService
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.ConversationUIService$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.ConversationUIService$10
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.ConversationUIService$11
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.ConversationUIService$12
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.ConversationUIService$13
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.ConversationUIService$2
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.ConversationUIService$3
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.ConversationUIService$4
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.ConversationUIService$5
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.ConversationUIService$6
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.ConversationUIService$6$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.ConversationUIService$7
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.ConversationUIService$8
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.ConversationUIService$8$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.ConversationUIService$9
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/async/ApplozicAddMemberToMultipleChannels.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.async.ApplozicAddMemberToMultipleChannels
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.async.ApplozicAddMemberToMultipleChannels$AddMemberToMultipleChannels
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/activity/OnClickReplyInterface.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.OnClickReplyInterface
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/richmessaging/ALRichMessageAdapter.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.ALRichMessageAdapter
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.ALRichMessageAdapter$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.ALRichMessageAdapter$10
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.ALRichMessageAdapter$11
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.ALRichMessageAdapter$12
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.ALRichMessageAdapter$13
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.ALRichMessageAdapter$2
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.ALRichMessageAdapter$3
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.ALRichMessageAdapter$4
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.ALRichMessageAdapter$5
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.ALRichMessageAdapter$6
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.ALRichMessageAdapter$7
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.ALRichMessageAdapter$8
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.ALRichMessageAdapter$9
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.ALRichMessageAdapter$BookingDetailsHolder
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.ALRichMessageAdapter$GuestCountHolder
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.ALRichMessageAdapter$HotelDetailHolder
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.ALRichMessageAdapter$MyViewHolder
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.ALRichMessageAdapter$SingleTextViewHolder
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/ApplozicSetting.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.ApplozicSetting
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.ApplozicSetting$RequestCode
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/uikit/adapters/AlConversationAdapter.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uikit.adapters.AlConversationAdapter
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uikit.adapters.AlConversationAdapter$ConversationViewHolder
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uikit.adapters.AlConversationAdapter$ConversationViewHolder$1
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/async/AlGroupInformationAsyncTask.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.async.AlGroupInformationAsyncTask
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.async.AlGroupInformationAsyncTask$GroupMemberListener
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/async/AlMessageMetadataUpdateTask.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.async.AlMessageMetadataUpdateTask
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.async.AlMessageMetadataUpdateTask$MessageMetadataListener
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/activity/MobicomLocationActivity.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.MobicomLocationActivity
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.MobicomLocationActivity$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.MobicomLocationActivity$2
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.MobicomLocationActivity$3
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.MobicomLocationActivity$4
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/ConversationCallbackHandler.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.ConversationCallbackHandler
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.ConversationCallbackHandler$CallbackEvent
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/fragment/MultimediaOptionFragment.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MultimediaOptionFragment
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MultimediaOptionFragment$1
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/activity/RemoveInterfaceListener.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.RemoveInterfaceListener
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/ContactsChangeObserver.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.ContactsChangeObserver
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/async/ApplozicChannelMetaDataUpdateTask.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.async.ApplozicChannelMetaDataUpdateTask
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.async.ApplozicChannelMetaDataUpdateTask$ChannelMetaDataUpdateListener
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/adapter/ApplozicContextSpinnerAdapter.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.ApplozicContextSpinnerAdapter
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.ApplozicContextSpinnerAdapter$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.ApplozicContextSpinnerAdapter$ApplozicProductViewHolder
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/activity/ContactSelectionActivity.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ContactSelectionActivity
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ContactSelectionActivity$1
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/activity/MobiComAttachmentSelectorActivity.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.MobiComAttachmentSelectorActivity
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.MobiComAttachmentSelectorActivity$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.MobiComAttachmentSelectorActivity$2
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.MobiComAttachmentSelectorActivity$3
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.MobiComAttachmentSelectorActivity$FileTaskAsync
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/adapter/TitleNavigationAdapter.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.TitleNavigationAdapter
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/uikit/AlUIService.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uikit.AlUIService
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uikit.AlUIService$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uikit.AlUIService$1$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uikit.AlUIService$2
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uikit.AlUIService$3
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uikit.AlUIService$4
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uikit.AlUIService$5
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uikit.AlUIService$5$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uikit.AlUIService$6
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/people/fragment/UserProfileFragment.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.fragment.UserProfileFragment
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.fragment.UserProfileFragment$1
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/async/ApplozicAddMemberToContactGroupTask.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.async.ApplozicAddMemberToContactGroupTask
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.async.ApplozicAddMemberToContactGroupTask$GroupMemberListener
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/richmessaging/AlImageAdapter.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.AlImageAdapter
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.AlImageAdapter$ImageViewHolder
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.AlImageAdapter$ImageViewHolder$1
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/async/ApplozicChannelNameUpdateTask.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.async.ApplozicChannelNameUpdateTask
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.async.ApplozicChannelNameUpdateTask$ChannelNameUpdateListener
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/fragment/AudioMessageFragment.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.AudioMessageFragment
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.AudioMessageFragment$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.AudioMessageFragment$2
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.AudioMessageFragment$3
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.AudioMessageFragment$4
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/ConversationListView.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.ConversationListView
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.ConversationListView$1
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/uilistener/ALStoragePermissionListener.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uilistener.ALStoragePermissionListener
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/async/ApplozicGetMemberFromContactGroupTask.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.async.ApplozicGetMemberFromContactGroupTask
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.async.ApplozicGetMemberFromContactGroupTask$GroupMemberListener
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/richmessaging/ALRichMessageModel.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.ALRichMessageModel
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.ALRichMessageModel$ALPayloadModel
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.ALRichMessageModel$AlAction
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.ALRichMessageModel$AlButtonModel
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.ALRichMessageModel$AlElementModel
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.ALRichMessageModel$AlFormDataModel
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.ALRichMessageModel$AlHeaderModel
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/uikit/adapters/AlFooterAdapter.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uikit.adapters.AlFooterAdapter
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uikit.adapters.AlFooterAdapter$FooterViewHolder
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/DeleteConversationAsyncTask.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.DeleteConversationAsyncTask
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/uilistener/CustomToolbarListener.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uilistener.CustomToolbarListener
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/uikit/AlMessageSenderView.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uikit.AlMessageSenderView
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uikit.AlMessageSenderView$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uikit.AlMessageSenderView$2
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uikit.AlMessageSenderView$3
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uikit.AlMessageSenderView$4
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uikit.AlMessageSenderView$5
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uikit.AlMessageSenderView$6
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uikit.AlMessageSenderView$AlMessageViewEvents
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/people/channel/ChannelFragment.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.channel.ChannelFragment
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.channel.ChannelFragment$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.channel.ChannelFragment$2
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.channel.ChannelFragment$3
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.channel.ChannelFragment$ChannelAdapter
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.channel.ChannelFragment$ChannelAdapter$ViewHolder
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/MultimediaOptionsGridView.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.MultimediaOptionsGridView
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.MultimediaOptionsGridView$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.MultimediaOptionsGridView$2
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.MultimediaOptionsGridView$3
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.MultimediaOptionsGridView$4
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.MultimediaOptionsGridView$5
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.MultimediaOptionsGridView$6
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.MultimediaOptionsGridView$7
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/attachmentview/ApplozicAudioRecordManager.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.attachmentview.ApplozicAudioRecordManager
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/people/fragment/ContactsListFragment.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.fragment.ContactsListFragment
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.fragment.ContactsListFragment$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.fragment.ContactsListFragment$2
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.fragment.ContactsListFragment$3
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.fragment.ContactsListFragment$ContactsAdapter
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.fragment.ContactsListFragment$ContactsAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.fragment.ContactsListFragment$ContactsQuery
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/attachmentview/ApplozicDocumentView.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.attachmentview.ApplozicDocumentView
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.attachmentview.ApplozicDocumentView$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.attachmentview.ApplozicDocumentView$1$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.attachmentview.ApplozicDocumentView$2
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.attachmentview.ApplozicDocumentView$2$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.attachmentview.ApplozicDocumentView$3
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.attachmentview.ApplozicDocumentView$4
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.attachmentview.ApplozicDocumentView$5
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.attachmentview.ApplozicDocumentView$6
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/richmessaging/ALGuestCountModel.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.ALGuestCountModel
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/richmessaging/payment/PaymentActivity.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.payment.PaymentActivity
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.payment.PaymentActivity$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.payment.PaymentActivity$2
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.payment.PaymentActivity$3
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.payment.PaymentActivity$4
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/uilistener/ALStoragePermission.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uilistener.ALStoragePermission
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/adapter/DetailedConversationAdapter.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.DetailedConversationAdapter
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.DetailedConversationAdapter$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.DetailedConversationAdapter$10
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.DetailedConversationAdapter$10$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.DetailedConversationAdapter$10$2
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.DetailedConversationAdapter$11
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.DetailedConversationAdapter$12
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.DetailedConversationAdapter$12$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.DetailedConversationAdapter$13
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.DetailedConversationAdapter$14
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.DetailedConversationAdapter$15
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.DetailedConversationAdapter$16
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.DetailedConversationAdapter$16$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.DetailedConversationAdapter$17
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.DetailedConversationAdapter$18
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.DetailedConversationAdapter$2
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.DetailedConversationAdapter$3
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.DetailedConversationAdapter$4
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.DetailedConversationAdapter$5
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.DetailedConversationAdapter$6
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.DetailedConversationAdapter$7
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.DetailedConversationAdapter$8
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.DetailedConversationAdapter$9
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.DetailedConversationAdapter$MyViewHolder
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.DetailedConversationAdapter$MyViewHolder$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.DetailedConversationAdapter$MyViewHolder$2
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.DetailedConversationAdapter$MyViewHolder$3
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.DetailedConversationAdapter$MyViewHolder$4
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.DetailedConversationAdapter$MyViewHolder$5
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.DetailedConversationAdapter$MyViewHolder$6
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.DetailedConversationAdapter$MyViewHolder2
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.DetailedConversationAdapter$MyViewHolder3
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.DetailedConversationAdapter$MyViewHolder4
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.DetailedConversationAdapter$MyViewHolder5
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/activity/MobiComKitActivityInterface.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.MobiComKitActivityInterface
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/BuildConfig.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.BuildConfig
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/activity/RecyclerViewPositionHelper.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.RecyclerViewPositionHelper
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/uikit/AlConversationListView.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uikit.AlConversationListView
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/people/fragment/ProfileFragment.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.fragment.ProfileFragment
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.fragment.ProfileFragment$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.fragment.ProfileFragment$2
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.fragment.ProfileFragment$3
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.fragment.ProfileFragment$3$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.fragment.ProfileFragment$4
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.fragment.ProfileFragment$4$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.fragment.ProfileFragment$4$2
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.fragment.ProfileFragment$5
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.fragment.ProfileFragment$5$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.fragment.ProfileFragment$5$2
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.fragment.ProfileFragment$6
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.fragment.ProfileFragment$6$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.fragment.ProfileFragment$6$2
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.fragment.ProfileFragment$7
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.fragment.ProfileFragment$8
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.fragment.ProfileFragment$ProfilePictureUpload
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/adapter/QuickConversationAdapter.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.QuickConversationAdapter
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.QuickConversationAdapter$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.QuickConversationAdapter$2
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.QuickConversationAdapter$3
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.QuickConversationAdapter$FooterViewHolder
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.QuickConversationAdapter$Myholder
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.QuickConversationAdapter$Myholder$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.QuickConversationAdapter$Myholder$1$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.QuickConversationAdapter$Myholder$2
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/UIService.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.UIService
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/attachmentview/ApplozicAudioManager.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.attachmentview.ApplozicAudioManager
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.attachmentview.ApplozicAudioManager$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.attachmentview.ApplozicAudioManager$2
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.attachmentview.ApplozicAudioManager$3
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.attachmentview.ApplozicAudioManager$4
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/uikit/AlScrollListener.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uikit.AlScrollListener
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/fragment/MobiComConversationFragment.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$10
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$11
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$11$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$12
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$12$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$13
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$14
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$15
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$15$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$16
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$17
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$17$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$18
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$19
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$2
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$20
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$21
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$22
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$23
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$24
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$25
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$26
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$27
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$28
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$29
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$3
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$30
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$31
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$31$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$32
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$33
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$34
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$35
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$36
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$37
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$38
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$39
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$4
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$40
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$41
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$42
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$43
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$44
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$45
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$46
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$47
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$48
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$49
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$5
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$50
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$51
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$52
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$53
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$54
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$55
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$56
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$57
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$58
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$59
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$6
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$60
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$61
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$62
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$63
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$64
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$65
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$7
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$8
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$8$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$9
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$AttachmentAsyncTask
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$DownloadConversation
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$DownloadConversation$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$DownloadConversation$2
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$DownloadConversation$3
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$DownloadConversation$4
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$DownloadConversation$5
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MobiComConversationFragment$DownloadConversation$6
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/async/ApplozicConversationCreateTask.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.async.ApplozicConversationCreateTask
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.async.ApplozicConversationCreateTask$ConversationCreateListener
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/activity/ConversationActivity.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ConversationActivity
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ConversationActivity$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ConversationActivity$2
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ConversationActivity$3
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ConversationActivity$4
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ConversationActivity$SyncAccountStatusAsyncTask
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ConversationActivity$SyncMessagesAsyncTask
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/uikit/AlAttachmentView.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uikit.AlAttachmentView
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/async/AlGetMembersFromContactGroupListTask.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.async.AlGetMembersFromContactGroupListTask
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.async.AlGetMembersFromContactGroupListTask$AlGetMembersModel
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.async.AlGetMembersFromContactGroupListTask$GetMembersFromGroupIdListListener
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/uilistener/ContextMenuClickListener.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uilistener.ContextMenuClickListener
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/uikit/AlMessageProperties.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uikit.AlMessageProperties
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uikit.AlMessageProperties$1
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/schedule/SelectDateFragment.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.schedule.SelectDateFragment
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/instruction/InstructionUtil.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.instruction.InstructionUtil
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.instruction.InstructionUtil$1
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/activity/ChannelInfoActivity.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ChannelInfoActivity
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ChannelInfoActivity$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ChannelInfoActivity$10
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ChannelInfoActivity$11
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ChannelInfoActivity$12
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ChannelInfoActivity$13
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ChannelInfoActivity$14
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ChannelInfoActivity$15
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ChannelInfoActivity$2
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ChannelInfoActivity$3
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ChannelInfoActivity$4
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ChannelInfoActivity$5
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ChannelInfoActivity$6
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ChannelInfoActivity$7
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ChannelInfoActivity$8
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ChannelInfoActivity$9
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ChannelInfoActivity$ChannelAsync
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ChannelInfoActivity$ChannelMember
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ChannelInfoActivity$ChannelMemberAdd
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ChannelInfoActivity$ChannelUserRoleAsyncTask
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ChannelInfoActivity$ContactViewHolder
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ChannelInfoActivity$ContactsAdapter
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ChannelInfoActivity$Helper
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ChannelInfoActivity$RefreshBroadcast
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/activity/ChannelNameActivity.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ChannelNameActivity
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ChannelNameActivity$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ChannelNameActivity$2
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ChannelNameActivity$3
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ChannelNameActivity$4
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ChannelNameActivity$ProfilePictureUpload
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/MobiComKitBroadcastReceiver.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.MobiComKitBroadcastReceiver
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/fragment/MessageInfoFragment.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MessageInfoFragment
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MessageInfoFragment$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MessageInfoFragment$2
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MessageInfoFragment$ContactsAdapter
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MessageInfoFragment$ContactsAdapter$MyViewHolder
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.MessageInfoFragment$MessageInfoAsyncTask
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/async/ApplozicChannelDeleteTask.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.async.ApplozicChannelDeleteTask
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.async.ApplozicChannelDeleteTask$TaskListener
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/uilistener/ALProfileClickListener.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uilistener.ALProfileClickListener
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/schedule/SelectTimeFragment.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.schedule.SelectTimeFragment
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.schedule.SelectTimeFragment$1
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/uilistener/MobicomkitUriListener.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uilistener.MobicomkitUriListener
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/uikit/AlConversationFragment.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uikit.AlConversationFragment
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uikit.AlConversationFragment$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uikit.AlConversationFragment$2
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uikit.AlConversationFragment$2$1
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/async/RemoveMemberFromContactGroupTask.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.async.RemoveMemberFromContactGroupTask
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.async.RemoveMemberFromContactGroupTask$RemoveGroupMemberListener
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/activity/ChannelCreateActivity.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ChannelCreateActivity
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ChannelCreateActivity$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ChannelCreateActivity$2
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ChannelCreateActivity$3
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ChannelCreateActivity$FinishActivityReceiver
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.activity.ChannelCreateActivity$ProfilePictureUpload
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/async/AlChannelAddMemberTask.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.async.AlChannelAddMemberTask
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.async.AlChannelAddMemberTask$ChannelAddMemberListener
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/richmessaging/AlRichMessage.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.AlRichMessage
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.AlRichMessage$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.AlRichMessage$2
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/async/ApplozicChannelRemoveMemberTask.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.async.ApplozicChannelRemoveMemberTask
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.async.ApplozicChannelRemoveMemberTask$ChannelRemoveMemberListener
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/schedule/ScheduledTimeHolder.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.schedule.ScheduledTimeHolder
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/richmessaging/KmCustomLayoutManager.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.KmCustomLayoutManager
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.KmCustomLayoutManager$LayoutParams
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/DimensionsUtils.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.DimensionsUtils
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/async/AlCreateGroupOfTwoTask.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.async.AlCreateGroupOfTwoTask
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.async.AlCreateGroupOfTwoTask$TaskListenerInterface
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/async/ApplozicChannelCreateTask.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.async.ApplozicChannelCreateTask
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.async.ApplozicChannelCreateTask$ChannelCreateListener
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/uikit/AlTypingIndicator.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uikit.AlTypingIndicator
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uikit.AlTypingIndicator$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.uikit.AlTypingIndicator$ALTypingReceiver
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/MobicomMessageTemplate.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.MobicomMessageTemplate
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.MobicomMessageTemplate$MessageContentItem
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/instruction/ApplozicPermissions.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.instruction.ApplozicPermissions
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.instruction.ApplozicPermissions$1
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/fragment/ConversationFragment.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.ConversationFragment
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.ConversationFragment$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.ConversationFragment$2
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/richmessaging/ALBookingDetailsModel.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.ALBookingDetailsModel
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.ALBookingDetailsModel$ALBookingDetails
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/fragment/ApplozicAudioRecordAnimation.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.fragment.ApplozicAudioRecordAnimation
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/people/contact/AppContactFragment.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.contact.AppContactFragment
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.contact.AppContactFragment$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.contact.AppContactFragment$2
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.contact.AppContactFragment$3
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.contact.AppContactFragment$4
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.contact.AppContactFragment$5
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.contact.AppContactFragment$6
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.contact.AppContactFragment$7
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.contact.AppContactFragment$8
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.contact.AppContactFragment$ContactsAdapter
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.contact.AppContactFragment$ContactsAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.contact.AppContactFragment$ContactsQuery
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.contact.AppContactFragment$EndlessScrollListener
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.people.contact.AppContactFragment$RefreshContactsScreenBroadcast
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/ALFileProvider.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.ALFileProvider
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/richmessaging/lists/AlRichListsAdapter.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.lists.AlRichListsAdapter
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.lists.AlRichListsAdapter$AlListItemViewHolder
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/adapter/MobicomMessageTemplateAdapter.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.MobicomMessageTemplateAdapter
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.MobicomMessageTemplateAdapter$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.MobicomMessageTemplateAdapter$MessageTemplateDataListener
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.MobicomMessageTemplateAdapter$ViewHolder
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/schedule/ConversationScheduler.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.schedule.ConversationScheduler
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.schedule.ConversationScheduler$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.schedule.ConversationScheduler$2
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.schedule.ConversationScheduler$3
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.schedule.ConversationScheduler$4
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/async/ApplozicChannelAddMemberTask.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.async.ApplozicChannelAddMemberTask
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.async.ApplozicChannelAddMemberTask$ChannelAddMemberListener
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/richmessaging/payment/PaymentJsInterface.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.payment.PaymentJsInterface
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/schedule/ScheduledMessageAdapter.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.schedule.ScheduledMessageAdapter
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.schedule.ScheduledMessageAdapter$1
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/adapter/MobiComAttachmentGridViewAdapter.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.MobiComAttachmentGridViewAdapter
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.MobiComAttachmentGridViewAdapter$1
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.adapter.MobiComAttachmentGridViewAdapter$2
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/richmessaging/AlHotelBookingModel.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.AlHotelBookingModel
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.AlHotelBookingModel$AlHotelPriceModel
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.AlHotelBookingModel$RoomDetailModel
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/async/AlChannelCreateAsyncTask.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.async.AlChannelCreateAsyncTask
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.async.AlChannelCreateAsyncTask$TaskListenerInterface
com/applozic/mobicomkit/uiwidgets/conversation/richmessaging/ALRichMessageListener.java
 com.applozic.mobicomkit.uiwidgets.conversation.richmessaging.ALRichMessageListener
